Project 3 - I think we will go with path 1

Kan velge eget dataset:  you can propose own data sets that relate to your research interests
* 3. Or other sources.
  4. Or you can propose own problems (but please do write to us before you
  start)


Kan enten ha regressjon eller klassifiering -> Tror vi gjør et klassifieringsproblem -> søvn apnea deteksjon
  Må implementere to problemer som er diskutert så langt i kurset:
  * en av de må være CNN (oppgaven min)
    * 1 dimentional - time series. CNN will exstract features from the time series data
  *  En av de andre kan være:
        * Logistic Regression -> evt denne -> here i have to extract features from the time series data
        * Neural Networks -> evt bare denne. Feed forward neural network
        * Recurrent Neural Networks -> More complex
        * Random Forests -> Kanskje denne? -> here i have to extract features from the time series data
           * Decision Trees

        * Bagging and Boosting

Feel also free to use support vector machines, k-means and principal components
analysis, although the latter have not been covered during the lectures. This
material can be found in the lecture notes.

You could for example explore all of the approaches from decision trees, via
bagging and voting classifiers, to random forests, boosting and finally XGboost.


Hva den må ha:
    1. For project 3, you should feel free to use your own codes from projects 1 and
    2, eventually write your own for Decision trees/random forests/bagging/boosting’
    or use the available functionality of Scikit-Learn, Tensorflow, PyTorch
    etc.

    2. The estimates you used and tested in projects 1 and 2 should also be
    included, that is the R2-score, MSE, confusion matrix, accuracy score,
    information gain, ROC and Cumulative gains curves and other, crossvalidation and/or bootstrap if these are relevant.

    3. Similarly, feel free to explore various activations functions in deep learning
    and various approachs to stochastic gradient descent approaches.

    4. If possible, you should link the data sets with exisiting research and analyses
    thereof. Scientific articles which have used Machine Learning algorithms
    to analyze the data are highly welcome. Perhaps you can improve previous
    analyses and even publish a new article?

    5. A critical assessment of the methods with ditto perspectives and recommendations is also something you need to include.

All in all, the report should follow the same pattern as the two previous ones,
with abstract, introduction, methods, code, results, conclusions etc..

Basic structure of the project:
Here follows a set up on how to structure your report and analyze the data you
have opted for.

    Part a). The first part deals with structuring and reading the data, much
    along the same lines as done in projects 1 and 2. Explain how the data are
    produced and place them in a proper context.

    Part b). You need to include at least two central algorithms, or as an alternative explore methods from decisions tree to bagging, random forests and
    boosting. Explain the basics of the methods you have chosen to work with. This
    would be your theory part.

    Part c). Then describe your algorithm and its implementation and tests you
    have performed.

    Part d). Then presents your results and findings, link with existing literature
    and more.

    Part e). Finally, here you should present a critical assessment of the methods
    you have studied and link your results with the existing literature.